README.md, before:

# Hometrack

## What it does?
Filter homes based on workflow and type

## Installation
Run insall.sh to install nodejs
Run `npm install` from project root
Run `node run` to start the web server

## Environment
* Ubuntu 14.04
* Node v7.10.0 - use `nvm` to switch to a desired version if you have multiple `node` installed

## Test
### With nodeunit to test
Run `./q.sh rest_hometrack_test.js`, which will read testfiles/request.json as json data sent to server and get response of filtered homes.

To test REST API in different URL, simply change host to your one in rest_hometrack_test.js.

### With curl to test
curl -vX POST http://xxxx:8888/hometrack -d @testfiles/request.json --header "Content-Type: application/json"

curl -vX POST http://xxxx:8888/hometrack -d "{dd:sdfsd}"  --header "Content-Type: application/json"

Note:
In this design, it allows user sending {"payload": [addresses]} and {[addresses]}, means, it will try to see if there is `payload` in the data.

In this design, if no items with workflow completed and type htv, it returns empty array.

Commit message:

Refactor server to check every item

README.md, after:

# Hometrack

## What it does?
Filter homes based on workflow and type

## Installation
Run `insall.sh` to install nodejs
Run `npm install` from project root
Run `node run` to start the web server

## Environment
* Ubuntu 14.04
* Node v7.10.0 - use `nvm` to switch to a desired version if you have multiple `node` installed

## Test
### With nodeunit to test
Run `./q.sh rest_hometrack_test.js`, which will read testfiles/request.json as json data sent to server and get response of filtered homes.

To test REST API in different URL, simply change host to your one in rest_hometrack_test.js.

### With curl to test
curl -vX POST http://xxxx:8888/hometrack -d @testfiles/request.json --header "Content-Type: application/json"

curl -vX POST http://xxxx:8888/hometrack -d "{dd:sdfsd}"  --header "Content-Type: application/json"

Note:
The valid item should have all attribute defined in schema, if there is anyone with missing attribute, we will see the whole json data invalid.

In this design, if no items with workflow completed and type htv, it returns empty array.
